docs: Update legacy auth migration guide to 4.0 (#604)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/11-upgrading/03-migrate-from-legacy-auth.md

---

> description: Move a Serverpod 4.0 project off serverpod_auth_server onto the modular auth stack with email, Google, and Flutter session continuity.

Reviewer: Nit: May be out of scope of this PR, but I just noticed this description can be improved to make it easier to understand. Something like: "Upgrade from serverpod_auth_server to the latest auth module..."

Author: Updated the description

> description: Move a Serverpod 4.0 project off serverpod_auth_server onto the modular auth stack with email, Google, and Flutter session continuity.

Reviewer: The 4.0 reference here is not in line with what the actual guide states below: it is for users running 3.4 or 4.0 betas.

Author: Fixed, dropped the version from the description

> description: Upgrade from serverpod_auth_server to the new modular auth stack while existing users keep their passwords and sessions and legacy endpoints keep working.

Reviewer 2: Nit: noun-first, per the description convention.

```suggestion
description: Upgrading from serverpod_auth_server to the new modular auth stack while existing users keep their passwords and sessions and legacy endpoints keep working.
```

Author: Done

sidebar_label: Migrate from legacy auth
---

# Migrate from legacy serverpod_auth

> This guide is for apps still running `serverpod_auth_server` on Serverpod 3.4 or earlier 4.0 betas. At the end, existing users sign in through the new modular auth stack with their old passwords and old sessions, and your legacy endpoints keep working until every client has rolled forward. Plan for about an hour, plus migration runtime.

Reviewer: 3.4 or earlier... sounds like <=3.4. 

```suggestion
This guide is for apps still running `serverpod_auth_server` on Serverpod 3.4 or later. At the end, existing users sign in through the new modular auth stack with their old passwords and old sessions, and your legacy endpoints keep working until every client has rolled forward. Plan for about an hour, plus migration runtime.
```

Author: Done, used your wording

## Before you start

> - A Serverpod 4.0.x project. If you are still on 3.4 or earlier, follow [Upgrade to 4.0](./upgrade-to-three-five) first.

Reviewer: Not in line with what is stated above. It is a bit ambigous, but I interpret it as meaning 3.4 and later.

Author: Updated to 'an earlier version'

> - A Serverpod 4.0.x project. If you are still on 3.4 or earlier, follow [Upgrade to 4.0](./upgrade-to-three-five) first.

Reviewer: If upgrading to 4.0 is a requirement, this is based upon the migration to 4.0 PR https://github.com/serverpod/serverpod_docs/pull/603 , and should thus be rebased upon that branch, right?

Author: Different files from #603, no overlap, so this can merge on its own

- Dart SDK 3.8.0 or later.
- Flutter SDK 3.32.0 or later (only if you are migrating the Flutter app).

> - Postgres 14 or later, or SQLite3.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: `4.0.0` is not on pub.dev; the newest is `4.0.0-beta.0`. Pin the beta to match the upgrade guide (#603) and bump at GA. Applies to this bullet and all three pubspec blocks.

Author: Done

> - The four auth packages at `4.0.0` (or the matching beta on pub.dev): `serverpod_auth_core`, `serverpod_auth_idp`, `serverpod_auth_bridge`, and `serverpod_auth_migration`. These are still beta and may receive breaking changes before 4.0 stable.

Reviewer: Remove references to beta versions etc, and make it 4.0.0 ready.

Author: Removed the beta references, it's 4.0.0 now
